# packages in environment at /opt/anaconda3/envs/MWA_cyano_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
bioawk                    1.0                  h2573ce8_5    bioconda
blast                     2.9.0           pl526hb2f8ae4_4    bioconda
bwidget                   1.9.14                        0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h0b31af3_2    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.4.5.1           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hec6a9b0_1003    conda-forge
cctools                   927.0.2              h5ba7a2e_4    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.4.5.1       py38h32f6830_0    conda-forge
clang                     9.0.1           default_hf57f61e_0    conda-forge
clang-tools               9.0.1           default_hf57f61e_0    conda-forge
clang_osx-64              9.0.1                h05bbb7f_0    conda-forge
clangxx                   9.0.1           default_hf57f61e_0    conda-forge
clangxx_osx-64            9.0.1                h05bbb7f_0    conda-forge
compiler-rt               9.0.1                h6a512c6_3    conda-forge
compiler-rt_osx-64        9.0.1                h99342c6_3    conda-forge
curl                      7.69.1               h2d98d24_0    conda-forge
entrez-direct             13.3            pl526h375a9b1_0    bioconda
expat                     2.2.9                h4a8c4bd_2    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h6b1039f_1001    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.1               h8da9a1a_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.9                h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h46ab8bc_1002    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_osx-64      7.3.0                hf4212f2_2    conda-forge
gfortran_osx-64           7.3.0               h22b1bf0_11    conda-forge
glib                      2.64.2               h577aef8_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.0                h4a8c4bd_2    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h12caacf_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.6                  ha2d443c_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.4.0                hd8d2a14_3    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 h6de7cb9_1    conda-forge
isl                       0.19                          0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                h1de35cc_1001    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               h1752a42_0    conda-forge
ld64                      450.3                h3c32e8a_4    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.69.1               hc0b9707_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    10.0.0               h1af66ff_2    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hcfe32e1_1001    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             h4a8c4bd_1007    conda-forge
libgfortran               4.0.0                         2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h0b31af3_1006    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               16_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.1                h7475705_1    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.9                h3d69b6c_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hbbe82c9_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.8.2                hcdc9a53_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                h2ae36a8_6    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.1.0                h0b31af3_3    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               h53d96d6_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               10.0.0               h28b9765_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.2                h4a8c4bd_1    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
mpc                       1.1.0             h4160ff4_1007    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.0.2                h65ac59c_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               h0a44026_1002    conda-forge
numpy                     1.18.4           py38h1f821a2_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1g               h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.9.2.1                       0    conda-forge
pango                     1.42.4               haa940fe_4    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 h4a8c4bd_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2            haec8ef5_1006    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.32                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.004                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn-data   20140910.003            pl526_0    bioconda
perl-carp                 1.38                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-common-sense         3.74                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.087           pl526h6de7cb9_0    bioconda
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.087           pl526h770b8ee_0    bioconda
perl-constant             1.33                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-data-dumper          2.173                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-digest-hmac          1.03                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-digest-md5           2.55                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-encode               2.88                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-encode-locale        1.05                    pl526_6    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.72                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002001                pl526_0    bioconda
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.36                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-file-listing         6.04                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.72            pl526h04f5b5a_5    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-html-tree            5.07                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-http-cookies         6.04                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-http-daemon          6.01                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.02                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.18                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-http-negotiate       6.01                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-io-compress          2.087           pl526h6de7cb9_0    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.001                   pl526_2    bioconda
perl-io-socket-ssl        2.066                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-io-zlib              1.10                    pl526_2    bioconda
perl-json                 4.02                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl526h04f5b5a_3    bioconda
perl-libwww-perl          6.39                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.428                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.428                   pl526_0    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-lwp-protocol-https   6.07                    pl526_4    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.15                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-mozilla-ca           20180117                pl526_1    bioconda
perl-net-http             6.19                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-net-ssleay           1.88            pl526hb1dc21d_0    bioconda
perl-ntlm                 1.09                    pl526_4    bioconda
perl-parent               0.236                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl526h1de35cc_1    bioconda
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.52            pl526h01d97ff_0    bioconda
perl-socket               2.027                   pl526_1    bioconda
perl-storable             3.15            pl526h1de35cc_0    bioconda
perl-test-requiresinternet 0.05                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-time-local           1.28                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.30                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-types-serialiser     1.0                     pl526_2    bioconda
perl-uri                  1.76                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-www-robotrules       6.02                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-xml-namespacesupport 1.12                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-parser           2.44_01         pl526hb1d6bea_1002    conda-forge
perl-xml-sax              0.99                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-base         1.09                    pl526_0    bioconda
perl-xml-sax-expat        0.51                    pl526_3    bioconda
perl-xml-simple           2.25                    pl526_1    bioconda
perl-xsloader             0.24                    pl526_0    bioconda
pip                       20.1               pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h01d97ff_1003    conda-forge
pyfasta                   0.5.2                      py_1    bioconda
python                    3.8.2           hd5f0129_7_cpython    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      1_cp38    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r36h17f1fa6_2    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-backports               1.1.6             r36h17f1fa6_2    conda-forge
r-base                    3.6.3                h0dd4800_2    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r36h17f1fa6_1004    conda-forge
r-broom                   0.5.6             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.4.3             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-cli                     2.0.2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-colorspace              1.4_1             r36h17f1fa6_2    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3               r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  1.4.3             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.25            r36hc5da6b9_2    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   0.8.5             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.0             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.1             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.0.3             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-forcats                 0.5.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.4.1             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-generics                0.0.2           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-getopt                  1.20.3                    r36_2    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.3.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.4.0             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r36h6115d3f_3    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.2.0             r36hee97c7f_1    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.8               r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-hms                     0.5.3             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.4.0             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.1             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.1             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.6.1             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.28              r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.3             r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_41           r36h17f1fa6_2    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               0.2.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.7.8             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-magrittr                1.5             r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_51.6          r36h17f1fa6_2    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.2_18            r36h26f5615_3    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_31            r36h26f5615_1    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.9               r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-modelr                  0.1.7             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_147           r36h384270c_1    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.4.1             r36h9d0ceee_1    conda-forge
r-optparse                1.6.6             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.4.4             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.0.8             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.0.2           r36hc5da6b9_1002    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.6             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r36h6115d3f_1004    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-processx                3.4.2             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.3.2             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.4             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.4.1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.4.6           r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-readr                   1.3.1           r36hc5da6b9_1004    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r36hee97c7f_4    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-reprex                  0.3.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.6             r36h17f1fa6_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.1               r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               1.3_2           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.11              r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-rvest                   0.3.5             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-selectr                 0.4_2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.4.6             r36h3211bb2_2    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.3               r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-testthat                2.3.2             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.0.1             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.0.3             r36hc5da6b9_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.0.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-tidyverse               1.3.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.22              r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r36h17f1fa6_1003    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.2.4             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.3.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-whisker                 0.4               r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.2.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.13              r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.2             r36hc5da6b9_1    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.1             r36h17f1fa6_1    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hcfe32e1_0    conda-forge
setuptools                46.1.3           py38h32f6830_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               h93121df_0    conda-forge
tapi                      1000.10.8            ha1b3eb9_4    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hbbe82c9_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h008db23_3    conda-forge
ucsc-fasplit              366                  h5eb252a_0    bioconda
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h0b31af3_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h0b31af3_1006    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.4                h4b3e974_3    conda-forge
